hello everyone and now i will teach you how
in a quick tea and marinka for this
we need eggs
he randomly 4 eggs and beat them up
either whisk or fork are not afraid of them
with volume to mixer without adding
sugar and something just drive eggs
here we see not hit them like this
so we did it now we take
put on a griddle on mushrooms and we can
add a little oil but if we
Teflon pan some oil
if it's usually a letter more and take
the bread of my case is then already sliced
we see here if you have ordinary bread
white there is no difference so we take it
I cut more than we do further take
take on dunk our piece of bread
into this into this mixture of and beaten and
fry from one of the other side
here we can see our little Lena only
I'll put it over there
a little fire here then as well as not
fry we'll just flip from both
sides fry for seconds to 30 to 40 s
each side boredom and need here and then
we can also lay out on a platter
see what you want salty there you can
sprinkle a little salt on top of a little
on each if I saw sweet
sweet laid out and hit while type then
sprinkle some sugar on top
each and all we get such end
delicious shades and that's what we all have
It turned out as you can see here
here
cute roasted market